Richest oil states should pay climate tax, says Gordon Brown  
戈登·布朗表示，最富有的石油国家应支付气候税

The world's richest oil states pay a global windfall tax to help poorer nations combat climate change, ex-PM Gordon Brown has said.  
英国前首相戈登·布朗表示，全球最富有的石油国家应支付一笔全球暴利税，以帮助较贫穷国家应对气候变化。

He said countries such as Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Qatar and Norway benefited from a lottery style bonanza last year, as the price of oil soared.  
他表示，随着油价飙升，沙特阿拉伯、阿联酋、卡塔尔和挪威等国家去年从类似彩票式的暴利中获益。

Mr Brown argues a $25bn (&20.4bn) levy should boost prospects of a deal on a climate fund for poorer countries.  
布朗认为，征收250亿美元（约合204亿英镑）的税款将有望推动为较贫穷国家设立气候基金的协议达成。

His *intervention*(干预) comes ahead of the COP28 summit in Dubai in November. Speaking at last week's Climate Ambition Summit at the United Nations in New York, Secretary General Antonio Guterres warned that world leaders were coming up abysmally short in their efforts to curb carbon emissions.  
他的此番干预正值11月迪拜COP28峰会召开前夕。联合国秘书长安东尼奥·古特雷斯上周在纽约联合国气候雄心峰会上警告称，世界各国领导人在减少碳排放方面的努力严重不足。

He called for the world's biggest emitters to agree a climate solidarity pact to reduce emissions and support emerging economies.  
他呼吁全球最大的碳排放国达成一项气候团结协定，以减少排放并支持新兴经济体。

UK skips leaders' statement on climate action  
英国未签署领导人气候行动声明

US refuses climate reparations for developing nations  
美国拒绝向发展中国家提供气候赔偿

Why has an oil boss been chosen to head COP28?  
为何选择一位石油巨头负责人来主持COP28？

Mr Brown said his plan would prevent a stalemate and potential breakdown at COP28 in the United Arab Emirates(UAE) - one of the richest oil producers identified.  
布朗表示，他的计划将避免在阿联酋（被列为最富有的石油生产国之一）举行的COP28峰会陷入僵局和潜在的破裂。

He said "petro-states" had recorded almost unimaginable profits from the rise in oil price in recent years, with the five richest - which also include Kuwait - doubling their oil revenues in 2022.  
他表示，"石油国家"近年来从油价上涨中获得了几乎难以想象的利润，其中最富有的五个国家（包括科威特在内）的石油收入在2022年翻了一番。

Quoting figures from the International Energy Agency(IEA), he said global oil and gas revenues had soared from 1.5tn(&1.2tn) before the Covid pandemic to an unprecedented 4tn(&3.3tn).  
他引用国际能源署的数据称，全球石油和天然气收入已从新冠疫情前的1.5万亿美元（约合1.2万亿英镑）飙升至前所未有的4万亿美元（约合3.3万亿英镑）。

To put these extraordinary figure into context, $4tn is 20 times the entire global aid budget. It is an income so big that it exceeds the entire GDP of the United Kingdom, he said.  
为理解这一惊人数字，4万亿美元是全球援助预算总额的20倍。这笔收入如此巨大，甚至超过了英国的全部国内生产总值。

These producer states have done literally nothing to earn this unprecedented windfall. It represents one of the biggest ever transfers of wealth from poor to rich nations.  
这些石油生产国实际上没有付出任何努力就获得了这笔前所未有的横财。这代表了有史以来最大规模的财富从穷国向富国的转移之一。

Mr Brown added the high price of oil and gas had been the main factor in potentially pushing an additional 141 million people around the world into extreme poverty, which is the high range of an estimate from a scientific study carried out earlier this year.  
布朗补充说，高昂的油气价格是可能将全球另外1.41亿人推入极端贫困的主要因素，这是今年早些时候一项科学研究给出的估值上限。

He called for the wealthiest oil states to contribute 3% of their export earnings - equivalent to a total of $25bn(&20.4bn in 2022, saying "it is the very least they could do.  
他呼吁最富有的石油国家贡献其出口收入的3%——相当于2022年总额250亿美元（约合204亿英镑），并称"这是他们最起码应该做的"。

The former prime minister - a UN envoy for global education and World Health Organisation ambassador for global health financing - said the consequences of such a grand would be immense.  
这位前首相——现任联合国全球教育特使和世界卫生组织全球卫生筹资大使——表示，这样一笔巨额资金将产生巨大影响。

We would be giving crisis-torn countries what has been absent in recent summits: hope. he said.  
他说："我们将为饱受危机困扰的国家带来近期峰会所缺乏的东西：希望。"