Benefits of meditating in the morning
早晨冥想的好处

Meditation’s benefits Trusted Source are not dependent on the time of day, but there are reasons why practitioners often recommend meditation in the morning.
冥想的好处并不取决于一天中的时间，但从业者通常推荐早晨冥想是有原因的。

Starting the day off right
开启美好的一天

Aine Rock, a certified meditation instructor and integrative wellness expert from Los Angeles, California, explains that meditating in the morning sets the tone for the rest of the day.
来自加利福尼亚州洛杉矶的认证冥想导师和综合健康专家艾因·洛克解释说，早晨冥想为一天的其余时间定下了基调。

“Morning meditation lays a foundation of calmness and balance for the day ahead,” she says. “It helps in centering the mind, managing stress, and enhancing overall emotional well-being.”
她说：“早晨冥想为即将到来的一天奠定了平静和平衡的基础。它有助于集中注意力、管理压力并增强整体情感健康。”

Managing extra-stressful days
应对特别紧张的日子
Morning meditation may help you manage feelings of worry, anticipation, and anxiety on particularly stressful days.
早晨冥想可以帮助你在特别紧张的日子里管理担忧、期待和焦虑的情绪。

Mathews points out there’s a meditation saying, often attributed to Gandhi, that on the days he is really busy, he meditates for 2 hours in the morning instead of 1.
马修斯指出，有一句经常被认为是甘地说的冥想名言：在他非常忙碌的日子里，他会在早晨冥想2小时，而不是1小时。

“The point he is making is that meditation can help us prepare for the day, and the days that we may think we have the least time for meditation are perhaps the days we can benefit the most from it.”
“他想表达的是，冥想可以帮助我们为一天做准备，而那些我们可能认为最没时间冥想的日子，或许正是我们能从中获益最多的日子。”

Morning peace and quiet
早晨的宁静

Meditation in the morning can set the stage for your day, but the morning may also set the stage for meditation.
早晨冥想可以为你的一天做好准备，而早晨本身也可能为冥想创造理想条件。

According to Caroline Schmidt, a licensed clinical social worker from St. Louis, Missouri, mornings tend to have an innate sense of peace before the hustle and bustle of the day.
密苏里州圣路易斯的持牌临床社会工作者卡罗琳·施密特表示，在一天的喧嚣开始之前，早晨往往有一种与生俱来的宁静感。

Your mind is naturally calm from rest, and the world around you is quiet from collective slumber.
休息后，你的心灵自然平静，周围的世界也因集体的沉睡而安静。

“Early mornings give an opportunity to have time alone, while everyone else continues to sleep,” she says. “This time can be for you, and you alone. And that’s something that’s pretty rare to experience, in a world that’s ever more connected by technology.”
她说：“清晨给了你独处的机会，而其他人还在睡觉。这段时间可以完全属于你自己。在一个因科技而日益紧密相连的世界里，这种体验相当罕见。”

Easy opportunity to practice meditation
轻松练习冥想的机会

One of the great things about meditation is that you don’t have to set a significant period of time aside for it, especially when you’re just starting out.
冥想的一大好处是，你不需要专门留出大量时间来练习，尤其是在刚开始的时候。

Schmidt adds that mornings are also a perfect time to explore meditation in an environment where you’re already relaxed and comfortable — your bed.
施密特补充说，早晨也是在你已经放松舒适的环境中探索冥想的完美时间——比如你的床上。

“As you’re just waking up and are still lying in bed, you can take the chance to connect with yourself for even just 5 minutes,” she says. “You can mindfully feel and explore how your body feels under the blankets.”
她说：“当你刚醒来还躺在床上时，你可以抓住机会与自己连接，哪怕只有5分钟。你可以用心感受并探索身体在毯子下的感觉。”
