Melinda French Gates is a businesswoman and philanthropist. 
梅琳达·弗兰奇·盖茨是一位商人和慈善家。

She's a cofounder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, one of the world's largest private charitable organizations. She's also an author and an advocate.
她是比尔及梅琳达·盖茨基金会的联合创始人，该基金会是世界上最大的私人慈善组织之一。她也是一位作家和倡导者。

When I spoke with French Gates, she said her background in computer science gives her a "logical mindset" about global problems. She told me that the best and most difficult parts of her job are the same: talking to people. This "on the ground" work is her favorite part of being a philanthropist, but hearing stories of despair is difficult. Here's part of my conversation with French Gates.
当我与弗兰奇·盖茨交谈时，她说她的计算机科学背景让她对全球问题有了"逻辑思维"。她告诉我，她工作中最好和最困难的部分是相同的：与人交谈。这种"实地"工作是她作为慈善家最喜欢的部分，但听到绝望的故事是困难的。以下是我与弗兰奇·盖茨的部分对话。

What cause is most important to you, and why?
对你来说最重要的事业是什么，为什么？

I've been working in this field for about 25 years. I really care about lifting up women and girls. I think that when girls and women can step into their full power in society, society changes for the better for everybody. So I'm very passionate about making sure girls and women have their full power, no matter where they live in the world.
我在这个领域工作了大约25年。我非常关心提升妇女和女孩的地位。我认为，当女孩和妇女能够在社会中充分发挥她们的力量时，社会会变得对每个人都更好。所以我非常热衷于确保女孩和妇女拥有她们的全部力量，无论她们生活在世界的哪个地方。

What's your typical workday like?
你典型的工作日是什么样的？

It depends on where I am. If I'm here in Seattle, a typical workday for me is being in the office [taking meetings]. Sometimes, it's reviewing strategies. Sometimes, it's allocating resources. If I'm out of Seattle, it's often meeting with our partners, trying to push a government leader to put more money or his or her voice behind something. Or, if I'm out in the field, it's talking to families.
这取决于我在哪里。如果我在西雅图，我典型的工作日是在办公室[开会]。有时是审查策略。有时是分配资源。如果我不在西雅图，通常是与我们的合作伙伴会面，试图推动政府领导人在某件事上投入更多资金或发声支持。或者，如果我在实地，就是与家庭交谈。

How does your background in computer science help with your job?
你的计算机科学背景如何帮助你的工作？

Computer science is very logical. I know you have a passion for math. So do I. And having that logical mindset, when you come across a problem in the world, you try to break it down into steps to understand it. I also know that numbers help us see things in the world. So I have a data focus. If I can't explain or understand something, I'll say, "What are the statistics about that? What do we know?"
计算机科学非常注重逻辑。我知道你热爱数学。我也是。拥有这种逻辑思维，当你遇到世界上的问题时，你会尝试将其分解为步骤来理解它。我也知道数字帮助我们看到世界上的事物。所以我注重数据。如果我无法解释或理解某件事，我会说："关于那件事的统计数据是什么？我们知道什么？"

I have a score focus.
我注重得分。

What's your advice for kids who want a career helping people, or working for a cause they care about, but don't know where to start?
对于想要从事帮助他人的职业，或为他们关心的事业工作，但不知道从哪里开始的孩子，你有什么建议？

Start today. Start doing something you're passionate about, whether it's working at a food bank or volunteering at a library. There's huge power in kids thinking about their time, their expertise, and where they can give back.
从今天开始。开始做你热爱的事情，无论是在食品银行工作还是在图书馆做志愿者。孩子们思考他们的时间、他们的专业知识以及他们可以在哪里回馈社会，这其中蕴含着巨大的力量。

The interview has been edited for length and clarity.
本次采访经过编辑，以保证长度和清晰度。