Best apples to eat? Healthiest types from green to red and everything in between
吃哪种苹果最好？从青到红，各种颜色中最健康的品种

Apples are a classic fruit choice. They're the unofficial mascot of lunchbox side dishes and they make a delicious afternoon snack when dipped in peanut butter. They're even available at McDonald's as a healthy Happy Meal side.
苹果是一种经典的水果选择。它们是午餐盒配菜的“非官方吉祥物”，蘸上花生酱后更是美味的下午茶点。你甚至可以在麦当劳买到它们，作为开心的健康配菜。

It's no surprise then that the U.S is one of the world's largest apple producer, second only to China. We produce an average of 240 million bushels of apples every year, according to the U.S. Apple Association.
因此，美国是世界上最大的苹果生产国之一，仅次于中国，也就不足为奇了。根据美国苹果协会的数据，我们平均每年生产2.4亿蒲式耳的苹果。

But with so many varieties to choose from, is there one that reigns supreme? Here's what we found out about the nutritional profiles of the different kinds of apples.
但是，面对如此多可供选择的品种，是否有一种是“王者”呢？以下是我们对不同种类苹果营养成分的调查结果。

What is the healthiest apple?
哪种苹果最健康？

Whether it's Granny Smith, Gloden Delicious, Honeycrisp or Gala; any type of apple is going to benefit your health. Only 12.3% of Americian adults meet their fruit intake recommondations, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention found. The more apples in your diet, the better, says registered dietitian Danielle Crumble Smith, regardless of the type. Some, however have unique health benefits.
无论是澳洲青苹（Granny Smith）、金帅（Golden Delicious）、蜜脆（Honeycrisp）还是嘎啦果（Gala），任何种类的苹果都对你的健康有益。美国疾病控制与预防中心发现，只有12.3%的美国成年人达到了建议的水果摄入量。注册营养师丹妮尔·克伦布尔·史密斯（Danielle Crumble Smith）表示，无论哪种类型，饮食中的苹果越多越好。不过，有些品种确实具有独特的健康益处。

Red Delicious apples are the healthiest from an antioxidant standpoint, Crumble Smith says. The darker the color of the apple, the richer it'll be in antioxidants. Antioxidants help neutralize the free radicals in our bodies which, when imbalanced, can cause cell damage and lead to disease.
克伦布尔·史密斯说，从抗氧化剂的角度来看，红蛇果（Red Delicious）是最健康的。苹果的颜色越深，其抗氧化剂含量就越丰富。抗氧化剂有助于中和我们体内的自由基，当自由基失衡时，会导致细胞损伤并引发疾病。

Aiming for different types of deep colors can help you ensure you're getting variety of different types of antioxidants, she says.
她说，目标是不同种类的深色苹果，可以帮助你确保摄入多种不同类型的抗氧化剂。

If you're looking to increase your vitamin C intake, try a Pink Lady or McIntosh apple, Crumble Smith says, If fiber is what your seek, go for a Honeycrisp or Granny Smith.
克伦布尔·史密斯说，如果你想增加维生素C的摄入量，可以尝试粉红佳人（Pink Lady）或麦金托什（McIntosh）苹果；如果你寻求的是纤维，那就选择蜜脆（Honeycrisp）或澳洲青苹（Granny Smith）。

Across the board with apples one thing's for sure, Crumble Smith, eat them raw and unpeeled.
关于苹果，有一件事是肯定的，克伦布尔·史密斯说：要生吃，而且不要削皮。

Eating the skin ensures that you're really going to eat all of that fiber, get all of those antioxidants because the skin is where a lot of it is, Crumble Smith says. The vitamin C content can also decrease during the cooking process because vitamin C is soluable in water and sensitive to temperature.
克伦布尔·史密斯说，吃果皮可以确保你摄入全部的纤维和所有的抗氧化剂，因为果皮中含有大量的这些成分。此外，在烹饪过程中，维生素C的含量也会下降，因为维生素C溶于水且对温度敏感。

Are apples healthy?
苹果健康吗？

Yes - apples are packed with vitamins and minerals and are an important part of a healthy diet, just like other fruits. They're a good source of fiber and contain pectin, a fiber that acts as a prebiotic to aid colon function and digestion.
是的——苹果富含维生素和矿物质，就像其他水果一样，是健康饮食的重要组成部分。它们是良好的纤维来源，并含有果胶，这种纤维作为一种益生元，有助于结肠功能和消化。

Apples are high in vitamin C, which has antioxidant properties to help us absorb and store iron, maintain strong tissues, boost our immune system and produce more collagen for hair, skin and nail health.
苹果富含维生素C，维生素C具有抗氧化特性，有助于我们吸收和储存铁，维持强壮的组织，增强免疫系统，并产生更多胶原蛋白，促进头发、皮肤和指甲的健康。

Apples also contain quercetin, a flavonoid with antioxidant properties that studies show may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and protect against allergies because it acts as a natural antihistamine.
苹果还含有槲皮素（quercetin），这是一种具有抗氧化特性的类黄酮。研究表明，它可能降低心血管疾病的风险，并预防过敏，因为它起到了天然抗组胺药的作用。

Apple cider vinegar, a fermented solution made from pressed apples, also has numerous health benefits including weight loss and cholesterol management.
苹果醋是一种由压榨苹果制成的发酵溶液，也具有许多健康益处，包括减肥和胆固醇管理。

Apples are listed on the Dirty Dozen list, or the environmental working group's analysis of the 12 vegetables with the highest traces of pesticides.
苹果被列入了“脏十二种”名单（Dirty Dozen list），即环境工作组（Environmental Working Group）分析出的农药残留量最高的12种蔬菜（和水果）之一。

This doesn't means you shouldn't eat them. Crumble Smith says. Buying organic is one option if you're eating apples daily. Still, organic produce is not completely pesticide-free because farmers often use naturally-derived pesticides derived. Research published in the Journal of Toxicology found the pesticides in the produce on the Dirty Dozen list are at negligible levels and substituting organic didn't result in significant risk reduction.
克伦布尔·史密斯说，这并不意味着你不应该吃它们。如果你每天都吃苹果，购买有机苹果是一个选择。不过，有机农产品并非完全没有农药，因为农民经常使用天然衍生的农药。发表在《毒理学杂志》（Journal of Toxicology）上的研究发现，“脏十二种”名单上农产品中的农药含量可以忽略不计，用有机产品替代并不会显著降低风险。
